complete.md, before:

# Sencha Complete Learning Pathway


## Prerequisites

- [Download Sencha Complete](http://www.sencha.com/products/complete/evaluate) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  

## Beginner

- **(Learning Pathway)** [Ext JS 4 Learning Pathway](http://www.sencha.com/learn/extjs4-learning-pathway) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  The following learning pathway guides you through building desktop applications using Sencha Ext JS.

- **(Learning Pathway)** [Sencha Touch 2 Learning Pathway](learn/touch2) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  The following learning pathway guides you through building mobile applications using Sencha Touch.

- **(Learning Pathway)** [Sencha Architect 2 Learning Pathway](learn/architect2) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  The following learning pathway guides you through building Ext JS and Sencha Touch applications using Sencha Architect.

- **(Learning Pathway)** [Sencha Animator Learning Pathway](learn/animator1) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  
- **(Learning Pathway)** [Sencha GXT Learning Pathway](learn/gxt3) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  
- **(Learning Pathway)** [Sencha Cmd Learning Pathway](learn/cmd) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  

## Intermediate

- **(Learning Pathway)** [Architecting Sencha Apps using MVC Learning Pathway](learn/mvc) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  
- **(Learning Pathway)** [Testing Sencha Applications Learning Pathway](learn/testing) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  
- **(Learning Pathway)** [Theming Sencha Applications Learning Pathway](learn/theming) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  The following learning pathway guides you through styling Ext JS and Sencha Touch applications using Sass and Compass.

Commit message:

updated complete and complete:team pathways

complete.md, after:

# Sencha Complete Learning Pathway


## Prerequisites

- [Download Sencha Complete](http://www.sencha.com/products/complete-team/evaluate) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  

## Beginner

- **(Blog)** [Introducing Sencha Complete: Team](http://www.sencha.com/blog/introducing-sencha-complete-team/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Aditya Bansod_</small>  
  Over the last few years, we’ve been working hand in hand with our customers as they use Sencha technologies to make more complex and mission critical applications on both desktop and mobile. Sencha Complete: Team is intended to help teams of developers be more productive, connect their apps more easily to back-end data sources, and have more flexibility in deployment.

- **(Learning Pathway)** [Ext JS 4 Learning Pathway](http://www.sencha.com/learn/extjs4-learning-pathway) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  The following learning pathway guides you through building desktop applications using Sencha Ext JS.

- **(Learning Pathway)** [Sencha Touch 2 Learning Pathway](learn/touch2) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  The following learning pathway guides you through building mobile applications using Sencha Touch.

- **(Learning Pathway)** [Sencha Architect 2 Learning Pathway](learn/architect2) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  The following learning pathway guides you through building Ext JS and Sencha Touch applications using Sencha Architect.

- **(Learning Pathway)** [Sencha Cmd Learning Pathway](learn/cmd) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  

## Intermediate

- **(Video)** [Accelerate your multi-device application development with Sencha Complete (46:45)](http://vimeo.com/54618369) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Chris Dawes_ on November 30, 2012</small>  
  Learn how easy it is to build desktop and mobile applications with Sencha Complete. In this one-hour webinar, Sencha tech expert Chris Dawes will show you the power of using Sencha Architect, Sencha Ext JS, and Sencha Touch by building a multi-device-ready app.

- **(Video)** [Building Multi-device Apps with Sencha Complete (58:15)](http://vimeo.com/52871577) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Daniel Gallo_ on November 5, 2012</small>  
  Daniel Gallo, Sencha's sales engineer in the UK presents how to build an application for managing customers with a .Net/MS SQL backend with Sencha Touch and Sencha Ext JS powering the front end HTML5 interfaces.

- **(Video)** [Using Sencha Eclipse Plugin with Sencha Cmd (10:21)](http://www.sencha.com/blog/using-sencha-cmd-and-the-sencha-eclipse-plugin-together/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _www.sencha.com_ on November 27, 2012</small>  
  Sencha Cmd and Sencha Eclipse Plugin work great together. See how Sencha Cmd streamlines the process of setting up your model-view-controller Ext JS or Sencha Touch application and how Sencha Eclipse Plugin gives you code assist, error checking and type ahead support from the popular Eclipse IDE. Use both these Sencha tools together to dramatically reduce your app development time.

- **(Blog)** [The New Sencha Eclipse Plugin](http://www.sencha.com/blog/the-new-sencha-eclipse-plugin/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Aditya Bansod_ on September 25, 2012</small>  
  We've been working on various tools that make a Sencha developer’s life easier, and we started with Sencha Architect. Our new plugin makes it even easier to use Architect by providing a full set of code completion and code assistance features for Eclipse.

- **(Video)** [Sencha Complete Eclipse Plug-in (12:41)](http://vimeo.com/49176749) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _vimeo.com_ on September 10, 2012</small>  
  
- **(Learning Pathway)** [Architecting Sencha Apps using MVC Learning Pathway](learn/mvc) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  
- **(Learning Pathway)** [Testing Sencha Applications Learning Pathway](learn/testing) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  
- **(Learning Pathway)** [Theming Sencha Applications Learning Pathway](learn/theming) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  The following learning pathway guides you through styling Ext JS and Sencha Touch applications using Sass and Compass.
