eclipse.md, before:

# Sencha Eclipse Plugin Learning Pathway
The following learning pathway shows how the Sencha Eclipse Plugin gives you code assist, error checking and type ahead support from the popular Eclipse IDE.


## Prerequisites

- [Download Sencha Complete: Team](http://www.sencha.com/products/complete-team/evaluate) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  

## Beginner

- **(Blog)** [The New Sencha Eclipse Plugin](http://www.sencha.com/blog/the-new-sencha-eclipse-plugin/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Aditya Bansod_ on September 25, 2012</small>  
  We've been working on various tools that make a Sencha developer's life easier, and we started with Sencha Architect. Our new plugin makes it even easier to use Architect by providing a full set of code completion and code assistance features for Eclipse.

- **(Video)** [Sencha Complete Eclipse Plug-in (12:41)](http://vimeo.com/49176749) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _vimeo.com_ on September 10, 2012</small>  
  
- **(Video)** [Using Sencha Eclipse Plugin with Sencha Cmd (10:21)](http://www.sencha.com/blog/using-sencha-cmd-and-the-sencha-eclipse-plugin-together/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _www.sencha.com_ on November 27, 2012</small>  
  Sencha Cmd and Sencha Eclipse Plugin work great together. See how Sencha Cmd streamlines the process of setting up your model-view-controller Ext JS or Sencha Touch application and how Sencha Eclipse Plugin gives you code assist, error checking and type ahead support from the popular Eclipse IDE. Use both these Sencha tools together to dramatically reduce your app development time.

Commit message:

adding new blog posts to extjs and eclipse

eclipse.md, after:

# Sencha Eclipse Plugin Learning Pathway
The following learning pathway shows how the Sencha Eclipse Plugin gives you code assist, error checking and type ahead support from the popular Eclipse IDE.


## Prerequisites

- [Download Sencha Complete: Team](http://www.sencha.com/products/complete-team/evaluate) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sencha_</small>  
  

## Beginner

- **(Blog)** [The New Sencha Eclipse Plugin](http://www.sencha.com/blog/the-new-sencha-eclipse-plugin/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Aditya Bansod_ on September 25, 2012</small>  
  We've been working on various tools that make a Sencha developer's life easier, and we started with Sencha Architect. Our new plugin makes it even easier to use Architect by providing a full set of code completion and code assistance features for Eclipse.

- **(Video)** [Sencha Complete Eclipse Plug-in (12:41)](http://vimeo.com/49176749) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _vimeo.com_ on September 10, 2012</small>  
  
- **(Blog)** [Sencha Eclipse Plugin Tips &amp; Tricks](http://www.sencha.com/blog/sencha-eclipse-plugin-tips-tricks) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Justin Early_ on December 11, 2012</small>  
  With the Sencha Eclipse Plugin, you're able to get code assist for standard Sencha Touch (new in Sencha Eclipse Plugin 1.1) and Ext JS types, as well as custom types that you define as a part of your project. In this article, guest blogger Justin Early demonstrates some of the tricks and tips that can make you a more productive Sencha Touch developer.

- **(Video)** [Using Sencha Eclipse Plugin with Sencha Cmd (10:21)](http://www.sencha.com/blog/using-sencha-cmd-and-the-sencha-eclipse-plugin-together/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _www.sencha.com_ on November 27, 2012</small>  
  Sencha Cmd and Sencha Eclipse Plugin work great together. See how Sencha Cmd streamlines the process of setting up your model-view-controller Ext JS or Sencha Touch application and how Sencha Eclipse Plugin gives you code assist, error checking and type ahead support from the popular Eclipse IDE. Use both these Sencha tools together to dramatically reduce your app development time.
