gxt3.md, before:

# Sencha GXT Learning Pathway


## Prerequisites

- [Download Sencha GXT](http://www.sencha.com/products/gxt/download/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _www.sencha.com_</small>  
  

## Beginner

- **(Slides)** [Introducing Ext GWT 3.0](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/ext-gwt-3-fundamentals) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on November 03, 2011</small>  
  This session will provide an overview of Ext GWT 3.0. There are many new features and lots of new functionality in this major release including Cell-based data widgets, Cell-based fields, a new data API, new charts, and theming.

- **(Video)** [Migrating from Ext GWT 2.x to 3.0 (33:31)](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/migrating-from-ext-gwt-2.x-to-3.0) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on December 13, 2011</small>  
  Looking to move to Ext GWT 3.0 from 2.x? This session will walk through the important API changes to help make the migration as straightforward as possible.

- **(Learn)** [Running Ext GWT 2 and 3 Together](http://www.sencha.com/learn/running-ext-gwt-2-and-3-together/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on December 15, 2011</small>  
  To allow a smooth transition from Ext GWT 2 to 3, Ext GWT lets you include both v2 and v3 components in the same application. This article explains the steps you need to take to run components from both versions at the same time.

- **(Documentation)** [Sencha GXT 3 API](http://docs.sencha.com/gxt/3/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _docs.sencha.com_</small>  
  This document is the API specification for Sencha GXT 3.0.1.

- **(Examples)** [Samples &amp; Demos](http://www.sencha.com/products/gxt/examples/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _www.sencha.com_</small>  
  
- **(Slides)** [Ext GWT 3.0 Data Widgets](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/ext-gwt-3.0-data-widgets) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Colin Alworth_ on November 2, 2011</small>  
  The data widgets in Ext GWT3 have been completely rewritten. Rather than using renderers in 2.x, the new data widgets are GWT Cell-based. In this session you will learn about the changes and how to use the new API.

- **(Video)** [Ext GWT 3.0 Data Binding and Editors (30:22)](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/ext-gwt-3.0-data-binding-and-editors) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Colin Alworth_ on December 21, 2011</small>  
  With the GWT Editor framework, any Java bean can have its data bound to a view. Data can be any bean-like object, POJO, AutoBean, or RF EntityProxy, as well as BaseModelData subclass, to facilitate migrating legacy code. We’ll discuss creating Editor subclasses and reusing them, as well as look at possible patterns for using the Drivers.

- **(Video)** [Using UIBinder with Ext GWT 3.0 (31:02)](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/using-uibinder-with-ext-gwt-3.0) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on December 14, 2011</small>  
  With Ext GWT 3.0 it is now possible to leverage declarative layouts with Ext GWT widgets and containers. In this session, you’ll learn how to use UIBinder within your Ext GWT application.

- **(Learn)** [Ext GWT 3 Declarative Markup with UiBinder](http://www.sencha.com/learn/ext-gwt-3-declarative-markup-with-uibinder/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Justin Hickman_ on October 18, 2011</small>  
  The GWT 2.0 release introduced the ability to construct user interfaces in a declarative way using XML files. To support UiBinder in Widgets, several conventions had to be followed. These include implementing HasWidgets to allow a Widget to behave as a container, implementing HasHTML to allow raw HTML directly in panels, and adding @UiConstructor and @UiChild annotations in Widgets to support custom behavior.
Ext GWT 2 was released prior to GWT 2.0 and thus did not have support for UiBinder. UiBinder support has been one of the major driving factors for many of the API changes in Ext GWT 3.0.

- **(Blog)** [Ext GWT 3.0 Appearance Design](http://www.sencha.com/blog/ext-gwt-3-appearance-design/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on June 28, 2011</small>  
  With Ext GWT 3.0, we have introduced a new way of rendering the view and styling a widget. This approach, introduced by Google, is very flexible and has many advantages to the previous method. Darrell Meyer provides a glimpse into the appearance design of Ext GWT 3.0.


## Intermediate

- **(Slides)** [Ext GWT 3.0 Advanced Templates](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/ext-gwt-3.0-advanced-templates) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Colin Alworth_ on November 2, 2011</small>  
  Templates in Ext GWT 3.0 are generated at compile time, allowing them to be optimized. In addition to being mapped to a model, Templates can render data from beans, and can work with CssResources. We’ll discuss how to use these to create new component or how to create new appearances for existing ones, and how to use them with GWT Cells.

- **(Blog)** [Ext GWT 3.0 XTemplate Redesign](http://www.sencha.com/blog/ext-gwt-3-xtemplate-redesign/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on May 18, 2011</small>  
  XTemplates are are a powerful feature in Ext GWT. Prior to 3.0, XTemplates have been implemented using the same design and code as Ext JS. For 3.0, we decided we would like to replace the Ext JS JavaScript-based implementation with a solution more fitting with GWT and the features it offers. This article walks through the details of this redesign and gives some insight into the final design as well as a few code samples.

- **(Video)** [Creating Ext GWT Extensions and Components (32:39)](http://vimeo.com/33644493) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sven Brunken_ on December 14, 2011</small>  
  Do you have a need for custom components or behavior? This session will bring you the knowledge you require to create and extend custom components. Learn which calls to intercept for your custom logic.

- **(Slides)** [Creating Ext GWT Extensions and Components](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/creating-ext-gwt-extensions-and-components) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sven Brunken_ on November 2, 2011</small>  
  Do you have a need for custom components or behavior? This session will bring you the knowledge you require to create and extend custom components. Learn which calls to intercept for your custom logic.

- **(Blog)** [Expressive Presentation of Data with Sencha GXT 3 Charts](http://www.sencha.com/blog/building-gxt-charts/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Brendan Coughran_ on July 5, 2012</small>  
  In a previous article, we discussed the charting library as a whole. However, there is far more to the Sencha GXT 3 charting library than was covered in that introduction. This article discusses a number of the more intermediate and advanced features that you can use — including tweaking the data store backing your chart. With some simple changes to the basic chart setup, you can make your visualizations even more explanatory and expressive.

- **(Blog)** [Ext GWT 3.0 Drawing and Charting](http://www.sencha.com/blog/ext-gwt-3-drawing-and-charting/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Brendan Coughran_ on August 30, 2011</small>  
  It has always been a challenge to draw objects in GWT because SVG and VML are not supported out of the box. In Ext GWT 3.0, we solve this problem by providing a draw framework that runs everywhere, from IE6 to the latest Chrome that is developed as a pure GWT library.

- **(Slides)** [Charting &amp; Data Visualization in Ext GWT 3.0](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/charting-data-visualization-in-ext-gwt-3.0) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Brendan Coughran_ on November 2, 2011</small>  
  It has always been a challenge to draw objects in GWT because SVG and VML are not supported out of the box. In Ext GWT 3.0, we solve this problem by providing a draw framework that runs everywhere, from IE6 to the latest Chrome that is developed as a pure GWT library. Learn about the new API’s and features including examples.

- **(Slides)** [Ext GWT 3.0 Theming and Appearances](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/ext-gwt-3.0-theming-and-appearances) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on November 2, 2011</small>  
  Theming in Ext GWT 3.0 now uses the GWT Appearance pattern and utilizes GWT ClientBundle and CssResource. This session will provide a detailed overview of how theming works and how to extend and create new themes.

- **(Blog)** [Migrating Styles &amp; Themes from Ext GWT 2 to Sencha GXT 3](http://www.sencha.com/blog/migrating-styles-and-themes-from-ext-gwt-2-to-gxt-3/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Tony Stuart_ on August 22, 2012</small>  
  In Ext GWT 2, component styles were defined in a single large CSS file. Developers could extend or redefine the styles in this file to control the appearance of a component or define a custom theme. Although this made it easy to give components a new look, it was hard to determine the relationship between the styles in the CSS file and the components in the library. Furthermore, there was no assurance that all of the styles in the CSS file were needed, or that the styles needed for a particular component were actually defined in the CSS file.

- **(Slides)** [Performance Optimization for Ext GWT 3.0](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/tba) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sven Brunken_ on November 2, 2011</small>  
  Application performance is an important part of an application’s usability. This session will provide detailed information and tips to keep your applications running fast.

Commit message:

adding sencha.io learning pathway

gxt3.md, after:

# Sencha GXT Learning Pathway


## Prerequisites

- [Download Sencha GXT](http://www.sencha.com/products/gxt/download/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _www.sencha.com_</small>  
  

## Beginner

- **(Blog)** [Announcing Sencha GXT 3.0](http://www.sencha.com/blog/announcing-sencha-gxt-3-0) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on April 27, 2012</small>  
  We're excited to announce the general availability of Sencha GXT 3.0! Sencha GXT, previously known as Ext GWT, is our Java based web application framework that leverages the Google Web Toolkit compiler. With the Sencha GXT 3.0 framework, developers can build high performance web applications with cross-browser compatibility across all desktop browsers.

- **(Slides)** [Introducing Ext GWT 3.0](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/ext-gwt-3-fundamentals) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on November 03, 2011</small>  
  This session will provide an overview of Ext GWT 3.0. There are many new features and lots of new functionality in this major release including Cell-based data widgets, Cell-based fields, a new data API, new charts, and theming.

- **(Video)** [Migrating from Ext GWT 2.x to 3.0 (33:31)](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/migrating-from-ext-gwt-2.x-to-3.0) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on December 13, 2011</small>  
  Looking to move to Ext GWT 3.0 from 2.x? This session will walk through the important API changes to help make the migration as straightforward as possible.

- **(Learn)** [Running Ext GWT 2 and 3 Together](http://www.sencha.com/learn/running-ext-gwt-2-and-3-together/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on December 15, 2011</small>  
  To allow a smooth transition from Ext GWT 2 to 3, Ext GWT lets you include both v2 and v3 components in the same application. This article explains the steps you need to take to run components from both versions at the same time.

- **(Documentation)** [Sencha GXT 3 API](http://docs.sencha.com/gxt/3/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _docs.sencha.com_</small>  
  This document is the API specification for Sencha GXT 3.0.1.

- **(Examples)** [Samples &amp; Demos](http://www.sencha.com/products/gxt/examples/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _www.sencha.com_</small>  
  
- **(Slides)** [Ext GWT 3.0 Data Widgets](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/ext-gwt-3.0-data-widgets) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Colin Alworth_ on November 2, 2011</small>  
  The data widgets in Ext GWT3 have been completely rewritten. Rather than using renderers in 2.x, the new data widgets are GWT Cell-based. In this session you will learn about the changes and how to use the new API.

- **(Video)** [Ext GWT 3.0 Data Binding and Editors (30:22)](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/ext-gwt-3.0-data-binding-and-editors) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Colin Alworth_ on December 21, 2011</small>  
  With the GWT Editor framework, any Java bean can have its data bound to a view. Data can be any bean-like object, POJO, AutoBean, or RF EntityProxy, as well as BaseModelData subclass, to facilitate migrating legacy code. We’ll discuss creating Editor subclasses and reusing them, as well as look at possible patterns for using the Drivers.

- **(Video)** [Using UIBinder with Ext GWT 3.0 (31:02)](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/using-uibinder-with-ext-gwt-3.0) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on December 14, 2011</small>  
  With Ext GWT 3.0 it is now possible to leverage declarative layouts with Ext GWT widgets and containers. In this session, you’ll learn how to use UIBinder within your Ext GWT application.

- **(Learn)** [Ext GWT 3 Declarative Markup with UiBinder](http://www.sencha.com/learn/ext-gwt-3-declarative-markup-with-uibinder/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Justin Hickman_ on October 18, 2011</small>  
  The GWT 2.0 release introduced the ability to construct user interfaces in a declarative way using XML files. To support UiBinder in Widgets, several conventions had to be followed. These include implementing HasWidgets to allow a Widget to behave as a container, implementing HasHTML to allow raw HTML directly in panels, and adding @UiConstructor and @UiChild annotations in Widgets to support custom behavior.
Ext GWT 2 was released prior to GWT 2.0 and thus did not have support for UiBinder. UiBinder support has been one of the major driving factors for many of the API changes in Ext GWT 3.0.

- **(Blog)** [Ext GWT 3.0 Appearance Design](http://www.sencha.com/blog/ext-gwt-3-appearance-design/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on June 28, 2011</small>  
  With Ext GWT 3.0, we have introduced a new way of rendering the view and styling a widget. This approach, introduced by Google, is very flexible and has many advantages to the previous method. Darrell Meyer provides a glimpse into the appearance design of Ext GWT 3.0.


## Intermediate

- **(Slides)** [Ext GWT 3.0 Advanced Templates](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/ext-gwt-3.0-advanced-templates) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Colin Alworth_ on November 2, 2011</small>  
  Templates in Ext GWT 3.0 are generated at compile time, allowing them to be optimized. In addition to being mapped to a model, Templates can render data from beans, and can work with CssResources. We’ll discuss how to use these to create new component or how to create new appearances for existing ones, and how to use them with GWT Cells.

- **(Blog)** [Ext GWT 3.0 XTemplate Redesign](http://www.sencha.com/blog/ext-gwt-3-xtemplate-redesign/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on May 18, 2011</small>  
  XTemplates are are a powerful feature in Ext GWT. Prior to 3.0, XTemplates have been implemented using the same design and code as Ext JS. For 3.0, we decided we would like to replace the Ext JS JavaScript-based implementation with a solution more fitting with GWT and the features it offers. This article walks through the details of this redesign and gives some insight into the final design as well as a few code samples.

- **(Video)** [Creating Ext GWT Extensions and Components (32:39)](http://vimeo.com/33644493) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sven Brunken_ on December 14, 2011</small>  
  Do you have a need for custom components or behavior? This session will bring you the knowledge you require to create and extend custom components. Learn which calls to intercept for your custom logic.

- **(Slides)** [Creating Ext GWT Extensions and Components](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/creating-ext-gwt-extensions-and-components) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sven Brunken_ on November 2, 2011</small>  
  Do you have a need for custom components or behavior? This session will bring you the knowledge you require to create and extend custom components. Learn which calls to intercept for your custom logic.

- **(Blog)** [Expressive Presentation of Data with Sencha GXT 3 Charts](http://www.sencha.com/blog/building-gxt-charts/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Brendan Coughran_ on July 5, 2012</small>  
  In a previous article, we discussed the charting library as a whole. However, there is far more to the Sencha GXT 3 charting library than was covered in that introduction. This article discusses a number of the more intermediate and advanced features that you can use — including tweaking the data store backing your chart. With some simple changes to the basic chart setup, you can make your visualizations even more explanatory and expressive.

- **(Blog)** [Ext GWT 3.0 Drawing and Charting](http://www.sencha.com/blog/ext-gwt-3-drawing-and-charting/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Brendan Coughran_ on August 30, 2011</small>  
  It has always been a challenge to draw objects in GWT because SVG and VML are not supported out of the box. In Ext GWT 3.0, we solve this problem by providing a draw framework that runs everywhere, from IE6 to the latest Chrome that is developed as a pure GWT library.

- **(Slides)** [Charting &amp; Data Visualization in Ext GWT 3.0](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/charting-data-visualization-in-ext-gwt-3.0) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Brendan Coughran_ on November 2, 2011</small>  
  It has always been a challenge to draw objects in GWT because SVG and VML are not supported out of the box. In Ext GWT 3.0, we solve this problem by providing a draw framework that runs everywhere, from IE6 to the latest Chrome that is developed as a pure GWT library. Learn about the new API’s and features including examples.

- **(Slides)** [Ext GWT 3.0 Theming and Appearances](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/ext-gwt-3.0-theming-and-appearances) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Darrell Meyer_ on November 2, 2011</small>  
  Theming in Ext GWT 3.0 now uses the GWT Appearance pattern and utilizes GWT ClientBundle and CssResource. This session will provide a detailed overview of how theming works and how to extend and create new themes.

- **(Blog)** [Migrating Styles &amp; Themes from Ext GWT 2 to Sencha GXT 3](http://www.sencha.com/blog/migrating-styles-and-themes-from-ext-gwt-2-to-gxt-3/) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Tony Stuart_ on August 22, 2012</small>  
  In Ext GWT 2, component styles were defined in a single large CSS file. Developers could extend or redefine the styles in this file to control the appearance of a component or define a custom theme. Although this made it easy to give components a new look, it was hard to determine the relationship between the styles in the CSS file and the components in the library. Furthermore, there was no assurance that all of the styles in the CSS file were needed, or that the styles needed for a particular component were actually defined in the CSS file.

- **(Slides)** [Performance Optimization for Ext GWT 3.0](http://www.sencha.com/conference/session/tba) <small style='color:#aaa;'>&mdash; _Sven Brunken_ on November 2, 2011</small>  
  Application performance is an important part of an application’s usability. This session will provide detailed information and tips to keep your applications running fast.
